hello everyone and welcome to a new week
at Cambridge this week is freshers week
or freshers five days in the case of
Cambridge because like to start on
Thursday today is Saturday when the
freshers all arrive
so there's 5 days of fun and then the
work starts wha-hoo for anyway so all
the first years at Jesus have been
moving in today I am going down to the
orchard with my two College husbands to
meet two of our college children now
this might need some explaining who I'm
saying college college husband college
children so basically at Cambridge we
have this system called college families
where you get assigned College parents
who are in the year above you who like
look out for you they do your subject
they can advise you and just find a
point of contact and then you get
married in your first year so I was
proposed to by my friend Tim and my
friend James as well so I didn't want to
say no to either of them so I've
actually got two husbands don't worry
they do know about each other and we've
got three children as well who are
freshers coming in and we're going to
meet two of them today we've got two
daughters and a son the son is not here
yet but we're meeting the two daughters
as far as I know I think so I've made a
sign with their names on so it's like an
airport style sign and we've all got to
go stand in the orchard and await our
children and welcome them I think it's
tea and coffee being provided this
afternoon is Tim my college husband or
one of them at least very likely to meet
our children I've just got back from
meeting the children and they were great
and I've met lots of flashes
not blogged any of it because I mean it
was a lot of meeting new people I don't
want to like scare people away by
blogging them when I first meet them so
there is a book this evening a book is
like a party kind of think disco kind of
yes six party disco but university
version fancy dress but the theme is
Mamma Mia but I've got to figure out an
outfit but I don't think I have
everything like it's gonna fit the theme
so I'm just gonna go normal clothing we
are doing pries for the book in the
kitchen downstairs in our staircase in
an hour's time and then we are heading
to the book oh yeah we are playing the
Ring of Fire the Ring of Fire
[Music]
we have to do it even if they'd like to
say he's found the loophole we could
share
[Music]
good morning so I just kicked off the
morning with a rowing outing it was good
although it was long like I was actually
getting pain from like sitting in the
same place like I'm a cop so I can't
complain but like I was getting backache
from sitting in the boat at the front so
long I haven't really got many plans for
the day but I'm sure I'll find something
to do hello so myself Assurant Astrid
I'm heading to the colored societies
Fair where all the societies and sports
stuff and music stuff and other stuff
you couldn't sign up or be convinced to
sign up for
[Music]
so I have signed up put one whole thing
but to be fair I've already am already
cooking so that counts the thing what
was the one whole thing one of the
things the ambassador skiing yeah I'm
gonna become an ambassador Astrid has
signed up for rowing which is else I'm
shocked I'm shocked she signed up yeah
I'll do sure I remained strong and did
not let people convince me to sign up
for things that I did not have time for
parcel from collage my gown and the
lecture notes that I left at home in it
so I'm very happy okay so quick vlog
update there's like a party this evening
we reckon it might get shut down quite
quickly because you're not technically
allowed to have like more than about 50
people in a house or something and all
the porters will shut your party down
and that is definitely gonna happen this
evening at one of the student houses but
we'll see it'll be a fun evening anyway
so I'm just about to pop down to the
chip and have some fun in the garden
next to me people call me and I'm pretty
cluster phobic so I don't want to go in
but yeah that's the update is wild here
in Cambridge hello so I've had my first
experience of the freshers party
yes actually I was talking to my parents
on the phone earlier and I kept yawning
the whole way through no like Paige you
seem tired and I'm like no I've had so
much sleep I think good morning so I'm
quite glad I didn't go out last night
because I feel a lot more rested this
morning I've had a lazy morning it's
already 10 o'clock now I've got a
meeting with my director of studies at
5:00 today and that's one I've got to
start to think about her starting again
and I feel like it would be useful like
get a game plan for the year ahead you
know apart from that I haven't really
got anything else on today so it might
be a bit of a boring day but I'm just
gonna make the most of having a day
I don't have much to do for now because
I know as students time starts it's
going to get very very hectic this
unhealthy chocolatey creation is one of
my favorite parts about CAF lunch
okay so I've just come back from CAF and
honestly it was the biggest queue I've
ever seen in half apart from brunch on a
Saturday when it's always busy but the
queue was sneaking like outside of the
building it was insane so clearly all
the freshers have been going to CAF and
I'm like why do I tell my foolish
children to go to CAF I shouldn't have
told them that because everyone turned
up to half anyway now I'm gonna go into
the town center because I need to go to
John Lewis to pick up some sheets and I
think elders walking in the same
direction so she'll walk with me a bit
on the way there so I have collected the
John Lewis pen sheets success me and
Ella
have been looking around on this so it
is now late afternoon I thought why not
go through a few more lecture notes when
I've got a free environment not doing
anything why don't do some work I'm
gonna get ready for the new time whoo so
I'm just going through some math section
notes now cuz I feel like I've gone
through a lot the physical action notes
I know well kinda know what I'm doing
with that stuff and obviously I'm doing
a math module this year as well so would
be a lot of stuff okay so I've just got
back from my meeting with my director of
studies and it was actually really
really useful feeling it ready to start
the course now ready to start lectures
ready to start supervisions I was
feeling a bit worried because everyone
says oh yeah if you take double physics
and maths and second year that's the
hardest option and everyone makes a face
when you say I'm taking double physics
maths they're like whoa you're brave
because it's supposed to be really hard
and so I was a bit worried so I said to
him like that's just what everyone's
been saying is it really that bad but he
was very reassuring so that's good the
thing that's gonna be different this
year to last year is that there's gonna
be more
reading around the subject required but
that's okay I've already got the first
recommended textbook and he's
recommending some other textbooks to me
that I can use when I need a different
word e of a concept cuz there's more you
need more of an understanding of the
concepts and second year than the first
year Monday is not a student club night
in Cambridge so I'm not going out
tonight
there is blues and chill in the chapel
this evening which is one
lots of musicians at the college will
play some blues music and there's loads
of beanbags out and everyone goes there
just to chill and here's the squad ready
to go to blues and chill in their
blankets we're all heading off to Blues
and chill in the chapel blanket in that
blankets they look very cozy
and here is some of the music that we
listen to it lasted about an hour and we
were all sitting on beanbags feeling
very relaxed so I've just got back from
Blues and chill and I feel very chilled
so chilled it is definitely time for bed
it's just gotten tan but my bed is
looking very appealing right now I'm
girl I'm a bed a bit of YouTube and go
to sleep
because I need to get a bank of sleep up
it was a planning on going out Tuesday
night the Thursday night this week I
don't want to be sleep-deprived for one
time start so we need to build up the
bank of sleep now I've got this I've
been back a week now does not feel like
that whole week anyway today is the
University freshers fair which is on
Parker's piece a big green in Cambridge
and it's looming massive there's gonna
be loads of free stuff handed out it's
gonna be loads of societies and clubs to
sign up to not that I'm signing up to
other things I don't have time and thing
unfortunately it looks like it's been
raining overnight it looks a bit damp
outside a bit miserable you can see it
behind me but the Sun is most definitely
not out so I hope it doesn't rain today
for the freshers fair coz that'd be a
bit of a shame like last year I remember
it was really really sunny there's a
picture of me up there at last year's
freshness let me show you all my notice
board
Here I am it's me and Ella with
candyfloss it was a pretty sunny day
this year's not gonna be quite so nice
looks a bit miserable but I'll go along
see what's happening get some free pizza
cuz that's what I'm about
I spy the freshers fayre and a group of
second year's heading towards the
precious fair we're not freshers but
we're going anyway
we're at the world post and which is
probably so I just got some free
personal detergent that I'm so excited
I've just picked up a bike seat cover
which people were recommending me to get
on my last video so I'm very pleased
with that
[Music]
I've made it out of the ten as a little
walk I've signed up for lots and lots of
societies I've also signed up edie will
you Joe and Tim for lots of societies
including Railway Society Quidditch
Society I signed up for heads up which I
thought was quite humorous I hope they
enjoy those emails I've also send them
all lots of powerlifting society and
here's ed being convinced to sign up for
the Jesus College big band by Cara okay
so Easter is now signing with up for the
breakdancing Society so I've got back
from I've got my bag of staff leaflets
and I've picked up so I'm gonna sort
through that I figure out what's junk
and what's actually useful and I'm just
checking my emails because now I'm back
into the swing of like at some time the
email inbox is getting clogged up
there's so many emails coming in and I
really do need to be checking my email
multiple times a day and I've just had
an email from one of my new supervisors
oh who said we have to go to a meeting
at home our turn to arrange supervisions
and ha Martin is not an edginess I'm
gonna have to cycle there and it's it's
quite far out so that's annoying I also
as a safe thank you to everyone who came
and said hi Sameer the freshers fair and
just anyone who said hi to me in general
over the course of the pods are you day
because it's really nice to meet you
guys and yeah have you ever do see me
around Cambridge do you stop and say hi
I'd love to have a chat say
but didn't get a first it was left with
the Romanian booze and it would have
been unsafe for us to drink it all I
bring bottle back interested on it's a
pretty good consolation prize so
basically just to catch you up this
evening is matriculation dinner so half
the freshers have their dinner with lots
of fellows at the college but also
people in later years who got a first in
the year before or an invited back
so our resident geniuses Yuja and Emma
are both at matriculation dinner this
evening but um so basically Astrid has
been the English dinner pre-dinner
drinks before coming back and she's
brought back and we're going out to lo
this this evening as well which will be
fun okay so a playing game here we have
shorts okay so half of the vodka half
they were just water and you have to
guess like if the other person has had a
vodka shot or just water they're going
to explain the rest to us but I'm quite
excited
I guess if it's water or vodka so that
means he she keeps going oh he's a
master burning a short time
[Music]
[Applause]
so I don't know if you can tell but this
is my all-time favorite song
[Music]
so I just got back from Lula's and
actually it was really fun it did
actually pick up I was so worried to
start off with I was like it's dead
there's no one here but actually people
did turn up and it got pretty good so we
are about to head off to the physics
introductory meeting I've got a busy
afternoon row I'm cycling all around
Cambridge way to the west of Cambridge
okay so I've just got back from the
Cavendish laboratory was good to be back
there and I've booked in my practicals
and I've got some handouts I want to
pick up a handout and I was gonna be a
small thing isn't it is this massive
bunch of paper I thought I'd picked up
my five handouts at once by accident but
nope all stapled together and this was
my first time in Homerton College where
I went to organize my supervision I was
quite impressed it was pretty big I've
just got back from Homerton oh thank god
my super visions aren't there every week
because that was a cycle in a half-assed
exhaustion that is I'm exhausted way too
much exercise for my liking
and I've been set my first assignment of
time the work is beginning guys the work
is beginning and good morning so this
morning I've been out on a rowing outing
at the crack of dawn at times and I've
had breakfast as well which brings me to
now I need to go have a shower at some
point and I've got a few bits and bobs I
want to get done today so term
technically starts today let's just
start today but I don't have any
timetable hours on a Thursday so I'm
actually free at the moment hopefully be
a productive day today and then this
evening is the natural scientists party
because it's the subject parties this
evening so that'll be really good as
well I'm looking forward to that and
then I'm going out this evening as well
out clubbing after the natural
scientists party issue is I do have
lectures tomorrow morning so I've got to
make sure that I get up in time or my 9
a.m.
sure after going clubbing this evening
it will be interesting I'm just thinking
at the minute though it's freshers week
so obviously I'm gonna go to this
natural spices party obviously I'm gonna
go clubbing
but once term starts I'm really gonna
crack down and really concentrate on my
work so I am just getting on with my
first assignment I thought let's get it
done hello
so I've had my lunch say hello to what
wills wills had a hard day
well had lectures start today then you
will
how are your lectures will it's so
uncomfortable he's been complaining
about his back like ever since coming
back from the lectures I think you're
just tired well could you stay up late
last night when you had lectures the
next morning but anyway I've been doing
my maths then back to it will has been
helping me out because I've been
struggling they gave us this
second-order differential equation which
required a substitution to make it nice
to solve so I tried loads of
substitutions I know them worked and it
was very frustrating and then we looked
up the solution on what's it called
Wolfram Alpha great website already
struggling with the stuff from last year
doesn't it this is last year's content a
little while later preparations began
for the Natural Sciences subject party
yeah most of the nasties Jesus's
personal statements I'm formulating
anything though based on our personal
statements check it out personal
statement bingos is taking me two hours
meanwhile I've been on post of sign duty
so let me show you I think this is my
best one to be honest
personal statement bingo
as the JPMorgan's down from freshest
fire yeah we're basically recreating the
freshest fat so you've also got boat
club here we go advertising the boat
race learn to bro
whoo-hoo and I've got to make another
side as well but I haven't grasped it
yet so I'm just having some food a
toasted sandwich to make a normal
sandwich more exciting because CAF is
closed so I didn't realize this I
haven't had a proper meal today but oh
well and Pringles because you know I'm
not healthy and I'm gonna finish it off
with jammie Dodgers and here's some
footage of the party it was really fun
although the porters did come and make
some people leave until we were under
the numbers limit at one point okay
so I'll just come back this deck is to
collect my phone which I put on charge
below in charge I'm not taking a jacket
because I know I'll get hot in the club
so or I take a jacket now and I could
just brave the cold then a ski party has
been great yes we didn't get ported but
actually it was a fab time it was a big
party wouldn't you agree it's better
than last year will better than last
year so now we're going back to the
house alone a ski party was that to
click the red spot group and then we're
going to Lola's
it's 21st
[Music]
[Applause]
so I up I'm ready to head off to my
first lectures of term miraculously I'm
up I've got three lectures today and
some other were in new lecture theatres
as well so that'll be interesting but
I've got physics a to start off with
this morning and I'm just about to go
fill up my water bottle and head off and
find my other physicists in the
staircase how does it feel to be back at
lectures I be really happy
[Music]
so we've just got back from lectures and
we're just heading to Kathak now so I
have got back from CAF and now I'm
feeling like I need to take a nap
because I only got five hours sleep last
night I should have left the club and
come home earlier but did I do that
no so in my third lecture of the day
today I was almost falling asleep but I
just couldn't pay attention and because
I was so tired and I just feel like I'm
not gonna be productive with anything
this afternoon unless I take a nap okay
so it's later in the evening now and
basically I had my nap this afternoon
but it was supposed to be like an hour
long nap
I set my alarm but I said it am rather
than p.m. by accident so I ended up
having more like a two to three hour nap
which was not ideal because I needed to
get work done this afternoon so I'm
gonna end the week here thank you for
joining me for freshers week it's
actually been a great week I hope
everyone else at uni whether you've just
started or if you're in later years I
hope you've had a great freshers week I
hope you've enjoyed the video please do
give it a like subscribe hit the
notification bell and I will see you
soon with another video bye
[Music]